Get out of here. OK.
Anyway, the one I respect is your dad. You know go to dinner.
My dad still wants to run away after he knows how to do it. Qiangzi, break his hand for me.
You, yes,
good. You dare to attack me.
There will be no more births.
Just wait for me and I will definitely kill you.
Are you really afraid of your father, Li Xiao?
So, before your father dies, he will have tens of thousands of dollars for himself.
When I cry, I say my father is making trouble.
As long as you can feed him well.
I'll give you a drink.
Okay, wait until I finish feeding your dad. Remember to kneel down before me.
The old man is fine now. It’s up to you.
Kneel down and wield the sword
My dad doesn’t believe it yet
Who knows if you are
How much more rain has it rained?
Kneel down, knife, bitch, you are me
The old man is fine
You've been through a lot of physical abuse before
Use multiple body protection techniques
My body is blessed
If my dad can't wake up
I killed you